hey what's going on guys
today I'll show you a post-apocalyptic action film, "Attack on Titan" Part 2 end of the world
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
previously on Part 1, humanity lives inside the great walls
without any attacks from the Titans for almost a century
until someday, their peace comes to an end
as the coming Colossal Titan breaches the Outer Wall
causing the numerous Titans to swarm inside and slaughter humans for food
the survivors retreat into the Inner Wall, but due to the food shortage there
the commander assembles a scouting regiment
attempting to claim their lost lands back
Eren, a human warrior who sacrifices himself in combatting those Titans
is found however, change into a Titan form himself
it's revealed that years before, Eren's father conducted his secret experiments on Titans
hoping to find a serum to turn human into a Titan
he tested the experimental serum on his young son Eren
however, the military police learned of the father's secret experiment soon
and broke in their house
taking Eren's parents right before Eren was hidden up in a secret passage
in the present, Eren regains his consciousness
only to find that he's tied up before the commander and his soldiers
the commander interrogates him for the secret in his body
but Eren is unable to account for his power to transform into a Titan
the commander believes Eren is a potential threat to humanity
and orders his men to kill Eren
while considering that Eren's just saved their lives
and can play his role in fighting against the Titans outside
Armin and some of the scouts stand up to defend Eren
trying to persuade the commander to spare Eren's life
the commander insists on executing Eren
and kills a soldier who is about to unveil a secret about the army
but right before the soldiers are about to execute Eren
a Titan busts in from the top, killing the commander and his men
the scouts find it's hard to deal with such a tough Titan
for it's much more flexible and powerful than those ordinary Titans
what's worse, it even knows how to protect its weakness on the back
the Titan targets Eren only and takes him away
sparing Mikasa and her comrades
with the plan to retrieve an undetonated bomb to seal the Outer Wall
Armin sets out on his journey with the rest
on the other side, Eren awakens in a mysterious bunker
while still confused by its surroundings
he sees Shiki Shima
who shows up and explains that he saves him out of the Titan and brings him here
Shiki Shima then reveals to Eren the origins of the Titans 100 years ago
when the military kept testing a new virus on human bodies
trying to develop a super-soldier
the experiment's gone wrong however
as human bodies became infected and turned into Titans
leading to the collapse of almost the whole humanity
the human survivors have to build the great walls as a defense for themselves
as time passes, the long-in-peace humans forget the horrible Titan past
and turn to be rebellious of being confined inside
because of that, the military plans to oppress people with the fear of the Titans
learning of the truth, Eren decides to join Shiki Shima
who plans to fight against the corrupted military and overthrow its ruling
with stockpiles of the pre-Titan War weapons
Eren and Shiki Shima later reunite with Armin and his group
who have retrieved the undetonated bomb
with the hopes of using it to seal the breached Outer Wall
Shiki Shima however, rather than seal the Outer Wall
plans to use the dud bomb to blow up the Inner Wall instead
so as to let the Titans overtake the military and thus free humanity
realizing that such plan will cause more innocent civilians to die from the Titans' attack
Eren stands against Shikishima in anger
he can't take any upper hand but is overwhelmed by Shiki Shima
right then, Mikasa stands up to confront him to protect Eren
but only gets humiliated by his smelly kiss
to stop Shiki Shima and his crazy plan
Armin and a scout boy decides to destroy his weapons
the scout boy then brings down a nearby tower that falls on the weapon stockpile
causing a subsequent huge explosion and the sacrifice of his own life as well
the remaining scouts escape out in a truck with the undetonated bomb
however, Shiki Shima follow up soon
and wanna take the undetonated bomb for his plan
to everyone's shock, he stabs himself in the heart and changes into a Titan suddenly
which turns out to be the exact Titan that took Eren away earlier
the bomb is later brought near the breached wall
but they only find that it's all surrounded by the Titans
in order to gain more power for the dangerous task
Eren tries to stab his heart to make himself changed
but is stopped by others, for nobody is sure whether that also works for Eren
without better choice, the group attack Shiki Shima in a joint effort
the scout girl blows one of its eye with an explosive arrow
Mikasa chops down some of its giant fingers
while Eren cuts off its hamstrings
causing it to fall onto the ground
despite their joint effort, the Titan still takes the upper hand
and later smashes Eren into a wall with its deadly forces
which however, turns Eren into his Titan form
he then confronts the Titan Shiki Shima
who wanna leave with the undetonated bomb
the two Titans have a fierce dogfight on the ground and in the sky
Eren finally defeats Shiki Shima with a blade piercing his Titan body
and a K.O kick smashing the head
soon after that, the Titan Eren climbs the wall
and plants the bomb with the help of the remaining scouts
Eren later reverts to his human form while Armin sets the fuse
as they begin to evacuate from this area
the commander, who's survived the earlier attack however
wants the group to give up Eren and return to the Inner Wall
but they refuse
the commander then injures Armin but is shot by arrows and falls from the top
moments later however
the group are frightened to see that the commander transforms into the Colossal Titan
which actually breached the Outer Wall previously
purposely leading the Titans inside to attack the rebellious people
the group jump on the Colossal Titan's back in an attempt to attack its weakness
but lose one more member due to its deadly strike
while Eren and Mikasa are in great danger
the scout girl follows up and fires at the Colossal Titan with a missile
which blows off its face and brings it down to the wall
the bomb however, doesn't go off that time as expected
so Mikasa tries to get the bomb fuse working again
but is confronted by revived Shikishima
who mocks at their effort first but later decides to help them upon realizing his own destiny
Eren tries to break into the Colossal Titan's nape
but is knocked down badly before he can give it a fatal shot
fortunately, at that critical moment, the Titan Shiki Shima carries the bomb up to the top
and lodges it into the Colossal Titan's mouth
blowing it up right away, but instead sacrificing himself as well
the detonation successfully closes the hole in the wall
while Mikasa grabs Eren and takes him out of the falling debris to the top of the wall
where they see for the first time the magnificent ocean in the far distance
they relieve at last and smile at each other
seemingly ready to embrace a new life outside the wall
while unbeknownst to them
the military, with everything placed under surveillance however
is working on a more evil plan to regain its control
this's Daniel CC movie channel, Bye